---
title: About Me
---

# About Me
<div id="divider"></div>

Hello my name is Jose Torres-Vargas. I graduated from UC Davis with a degree in
Computer Science and Engineering with experience in multiple technology stacks.
This ranges from full stack development to embedded systems. I enjoy learning
new things, innovating and I don't like the idea of being confined to just
doing one thing. I am not afraid to learn new things and take up challenges in 
order to stay up to date with the the ever rapidly evolution of Software and
Technology.  

Recently I've been focused on my Python and Swift projects and how I can
integrate them with 3rd party APIs such as those from google or spotify. I
believe it's important to learn new things even if they're not my preference.
While I do have experience using REACT, I prefer to work on anything related to
the backend.   

I am most passionate about projects that I find practical utility in. However, 
I also like getting out of my comfort zone and try new things. I enjoy creating
things that I know that I will use frequently or find util. I create a project
with the intent of spending more time using it than creating it. This is the
thought process that motivates most of my projects. Such was the motivation
behind my Youtube-Spotify playlist synchronizer, and my Anime reminder IOS app.
I feel really luckty to have the abiltiy to take these ideas and actually make
something out of them.

One of the things that I am most proud of is my tenacity and will to get things
done. For example,I will not stop until I simply finish, but finish it **well**.
If I do somehting I might as well do it right.

My major goal currently is obtaining a job, because that will allow me to
further grow as a developer while hopefully contribute to something worthwhile.
I would like to contribute towards something that people find useful or makes 
their lives easier. I would enjoy a job that challenges me and pushes me to do
my best. While I'm sure that I can not do everything I am confident that I can
overcome any problem that is placed in front of me. One of the main lessons that
I found valuable from college was the ability to seek for help while using any
of the resources that were at my disposal in order to find the solution to any
problem placed in front of me. I am ready for any challenge and ready to keep
learning and improving my skills
 